myshell: A Linux Type Shell

How to Use: 
Navigate to the directory that contains the executable myshell. 
Once in the directory execute myshell by typing ./myshell. 
This will start a prompt that will continue until exit or quit is typed. 
The prompt will contain the current directory followed by ': myshell>'. 
This is especially useful when using the change directory command 'cd' to 
keep track of the current directory your PWD environment variable is in.

Built-in Functions:
cd – The cd command can be stands for change directory. When used without a 
	directory location or any or any other arguments after typing 'cd', 
	it will simply print the current directory path. When used with a 
	specific directory path, it will change the current directory to the 
	one that was specified. It will work with the same shortcuts for 
	directory changes as in other shells such as bash.
clr – The clr command will clear any text that is left on the screen and print
	a new prompt.
dir – The dir command will print the current directories content names by 
	typing 'dir'. If a specific path is specified after typing 'dir' 
	it will print the contents of the directory path that was entered.
environ – The environ command will print all current and up to date environment
	variables by typing 'environ'.
echo – The echo command will repeat anything that is typed after 'echo' is 
	entered. It will be printed on a new line. If nothing is typed after 
	the command it will print a new line and the shell will continue.
help – The help command will display the current readme file. It will display 
	exactly enough text to fill the size of the terminal window. Instead 
	of scrolling enter is pressed to advance to the next page.
pause – The pause command will stop the program and stop printing to the prompt 
	until the enter key is pressed.
quit – The quit command is used to exit the program. An alternative can be 
	exit or terminating the program using system shortcuts.
path – The path command is used to set the PATH environment variable. 
	If nothing is entered after 'path' is typed it will reset the PATH 
	to contain no variables. It can accept more than one path specified after 
	'path' is typed and will separate the paths accordingly. The initial PATH
	 variable is '/bin' when the program starts.
